# Backstory

## Prologue 

This is a story about a group of misfits that venture into the world to try to complete a quest, they are all different and unique in their own way but will they get the chance to complete the mission or will they fail and fall into a pit of dispair, will this group of misfits become friends at the end of the quest or will they not want to ever see each other again, let me tell you the story of them all and the adventure that they went on, I will tell you the story from Neridiel point of veiw as although she may not be the cleverest amongst the group, I believe that she learned the most and gained the most from this adventure, the first part of the story will tell you all about them before they met up for this quest, let me intriduce you to our companions before they set out on their quest   

### Neridiel Blackwood 

Neridiel Blackwood had lived a very lonely life. Being a half Eladrin led to her being alienated from her clan for a very long time. Since the day she was born, they never really accepted her because her father was not one of them; He was a human that her mother had fallen in love with whilst travelling the material plane. The clan had never really accepted him, but as her mother was on the council, they would never say anything publicly against it. Neridiel was ignored by her people. Growing up she had tried to make friends, had tried to fit in, but was teased for being fatter, less intelligent and ugly. After so long of hearing them words, she had started to believe them.

From the time she could walk, her father had taken to training her to protect herself. She could use most weapons by the age of 6. Her mother had also been teaching her Elven Magics, but as she was not a full-blood, sometimes things went wrong, never really working as they should have done. Her mother was always proud of her, regardless of her magical prowess. When Neridiel was 7, her parents ventured into the material to pick up rare supplies and never came back. It was the worst day of her life. Once the clan concluded that they must have perished, they banished her to her father's home plane. The only thing she had a chance to grab was her mothers necklace; They gave her no chance to grab any belongings before they threw her through a dimensional door.

At 7 years old, Neridiel was alone in the woods. She was young for an human, and in elf years she was pretty much still a toddler. Thanks to her father's teachings, she was able to look after herself. She would sneak into cities and towns every so often to steal food, clothes anything she needed and couldn't scavenge. Being along at such a young age had made her grow up rather quickly. In the following 7 years, she survived in those woods alone.

After she turned 14, she woke to find someone had been into her camp and stolen her mothers necklace. It broke her heart to think that someone had taken the thing that was most precious to her. She decided on that day that she would hunt the person that had taken it from her. For four years she wandered around the world looking for any signs of her mothers necklace. Every time she heard a rumour of someone trying to sell a special necklace, she would follow the rumour to it's source. Everytime it was a false lead. In four years she found nothing.

Along her journey, she had met many people, doing jobs to earn extra money. Not once had she met anyone that she felt was truly her friend. She knew that she would spend her entire life alone and nothing was ever going to change that; no one was every going to see her as anything other than, thick, fat and ugly. She had learned to build a wall around herself, so that none of the comments would affect her. When people would walk past, they would make nasty comments about the urchin mongrel that she was. She always hid her feelings, so that no-one knew that every comment was like a knife to her heart. She didn't want anyone to see that on the inside it was killing her, so she learned to cause chaos, and make people laugh. It was the only way she knew that people would pay her any attention and not say things about her.

She has tried many times to make herself more appealing to others. No matter how much she changed, she could not see any difference; she could not see anything other than what people had said she always was. She tried to make herself smarter, but everything she tried to learn she would forget as quickly as she would learn. She tried to change how she looked, but could do nothing to make herself feel beautiful. She could do little about her shape. She had toned her muscles, and slimmed herself down, but all she could see was the fat,ugly half elf. She felt that she would never be good enough for anyone 

Just after she turned 18 she heard rumour that a party was forming to go on an adventure and that good money could be earned by joining them, so she headed towards the town in search of the party that would be heading out on the quest, as she reached the edge of the forest, an elf appeared before her having just transported from what she assumed was another realm, when she laid eyes on the Elf she was going to rob him as he looked like he had money or at least something valuable but when she looked closer at him, she noticed he had a look in his eyes of great loss the same look that was in her eyes. 

The Elf standing in front of her had known great pain and suffering, on looking at him Neridiel felt that this elf could be trusted, she did not know why she felt that he could be trusted and that he felt like he was the family that she had always dreamed of since she lost her own, Neridiel felt that she had found another misfit just like she was, someone that could understand the pain that she had been through, she began to follow him and it wasn't long before she realised that he was heading to the same place that she was, Neridiel hoped that the tiefling theif that she had heard about would also be going to the same place as them, as they where one person that she had heard alot about from people she had met in her travels and they always spoke of a Teifling that had some amzaing skills and Neridiel hope she could meet them and maybe learn something from them. 

### Kor-Vain  

Kor-Vain is an high elf wizard, from an early age he went to the school of necromancy to learn what he could about anything that could have caused the distruction of his people, he was there the day it happened, he was watching as everyone of his kin were destroyed, there is nothing that he has found so far to explain watch he saw that day, he can find nothing on what could have possibly destroyed everyone he knew, for over 90 years he has researched everything that he can to try and find what the cause was, that day has been on his mind ever since, it haunts his every moment wether awake or asleep it doen't matter. 

Whem Kor-vain does sleep he is woken up with the visions of his kin being destroyed, all he can hear are their screams and all he can see is the fear in their eyes, meaning that Kor-vain has not slept for very long each night for the last 95 years, as such it addled his mind and has become slightly insane, the visions and all the information that has aqquired along the way have made him lose most of his humanity and what is left is not very much at all, after all soend 95 years hunting for answers on the most evil thing in the known world would do that to you. 

Is getting to the point for Kor-Vain where he can barely remember the faces of his kin, the one face that will never leave his memory is that of his mother, her screams haunt him the most, she was the last person that he saw before he passed out, as what ever it was started to come for his mother, she pushed him into a cupbaord and shut it behind him sealing it with a magic that meant nobody would be able to know he was there, he hide him from anything that may have done him any harm, it was two days later when he wokie up in the cupboard, when he got out he ran around his city and looked for any sign of life but found nothing, there was not a trace of anyone, on heading back to his house all he found in the place where he last saw his mother was a flower, it was his mothers favourite and she always had then around the house 

It was an orchid, his mother had found one when she was out in the other realms and brought it back to their house and began to grow them, the smell of them was heavenly and they looked like they had come down from heaven, it was the one thing that Kor-Vain would always remember, he would never forget the smell or the look of the flowers that his mother used to grow, word had reached Kor-Vain that there was a party forming in another realm to go on an adventure and earn some money along the way, he hoped that he would also be able to gather any information that he could on what could have killed his kin. 

Kor-Vain gathered everything that he needed, Including his staff which was made from the shovel that he used to bury his family and travelled to the other realm, on arriving he came face to face with a young female elf, staring at him as if he had something that she wanted, he prepared to protect himself when he noticed a flower in her hair, the same flower that his mother had grown and he was overwhelmed with sadness, looking up at the young she elf, he saw the same sadness in her eyes that he was sure was currently showing on his own, he couldnt help but wonder what tragedies what make a young Elf have such a look of pain and suffering in her eyes, something in him was telling him that she would do him no harm, after a moment of looking at the young she-elf he noticed a look of wonder on her face, a look as if she had realised that he had suffered as much as he had, he started to walk away when he heard her footsteps following behind him, when Kor-Vain turned around he noticed the she-elf was following a little way behind him, but he couldn't help the smile that appeared on his face when he thought of having some company on this quest. 

Smiling was not something that Kor-Vain had done in a long time, he had concentrated so much on his mission to find the power behind what had happened to his people that he had forgotten what it was like to be around other people, he had forgotten how to trust, he had forgotten what it was like to be around other people even if they where not he kin, he had forgotten what was left of his humanity, not once whilst they where walking had the young she-elf said anything to him just followed behind at a distance 

He hoped that he would finally be able to get the answer to all the questions that he needed answered and then maybe finally he could have peace 

### Yog 

Yog is a 25 year old changeling who from a young age has shown herself to have devine powers, like that of a cleric or a paladin but without any of the actual training, she has no idea how she was able to do half of the stuff she could it was just something that came to her at a young age, Yog had never had to worship or train for these powers they had always just been there, in the village where Yog grew up there was a local church who worshipped Ilmater, The Church of Ilmater was a church dedicated to the crying god and its main purpose was to provide healing and anything to those that were suffering from hardships no matter the cost to the clergy themselves. 

Yog was a very faithful servant to Ilmater as where her parents, they had helped her family many times, Yog had grown up to believe that people should have Honor, order and that they should always continue the traditions set out before them as such she would help as many people as she could, once the church had seen the extent of her powers and that she could do all of these things without having to be taight, the church decided that having her with them would make her a great assest to them, they realised with all the powers that she had they could use her to make themselves rich. 

Without the permission of Yog's parents the church took Yog into their care to make her a devout worshipper and servant to Ilmater, it took many years for Yog to realise that the church had used her powers for their own gain, Yog had been made to heal anyone that the church brought to her and also having her become the executioner to anyone that the church decided was a heretic and needed to be dealt with, it could have been that they spoke out against the church and the way that they dealt with things, it could have been a silly reason but Yog was made to dispatch them, it took her many years to realise that all this time they had been charging people and exorbarant amount of money for her services, once Yog found out what the church had been doing with her all that time, she started to feel hatred towards all of them that had kept her there. 

Yog had only found out what was going on because she had heard talk that the Church was charging people for her services and it was not long after she figured out that she could change her form and how she spoke, that she went to the church as a large Barbarian with a wound in his shoulder and asked that as the church of Ilmater if they could heal his wounds, it was only when they told her that if hshe paid them a certain amount of money would they do what she asked, Yog walked from the Church with more anger building up inside of her than she had ever felt, hatred towards the people that had taken her away from her parents, the people that had raised her to think that everything she was doing was for the better good. 

Although Yog was a very lawful young changeling she couldnt help but wonder if everything that she thought was wrong, she had always believed that the church should help people and make their lives better but on knowing that they were using her to make themselves rich, she had thought that there was honor in what she was doing, until she found out she was being used and then nothing that she had ever done was honorable, everytime they made her heal someone all she wanted to do was to kill them, she wanted to stop them hurting the people, Yog felt it unfair that she was only able to help the people that could pay them for her services 

Over the years Yogs hatred had grown so much and coupled with the fact that she could here voices which she would later find out was from the abysall gods, they would talk to her almost daily and try and get her to serve them, Yog Killed everyone in the church that had held her there for all them years, every blow she reigned down on them brought her relief and a sense of honor, she felt that taking these people out was the most honorable thing to do and after every single one of them where dead she burned the church to the ground for what it did to her and for the exploited people that blindly followed them, it was hard for anyone to believe that a 10 year girl could cause so much harm to so many people 

After the day that Yog had killed them all and burned down the church, she decided that day that she would go around all the known worlds and kill every god that she could find, she wanted to be able to set everyone free so that they did not need to follow these gods so blindly becasue if these gods where truly good they would not have allowed the corruption that was in most of their churches and the corruption that was in the hearts of all of their clergy, over the last 15 years Yog had killed many gods and burnt down many churches, she was passing through a village when she heard that there was a man hiring people to go on a quest and he was paying very highly for their services, Yog hoped that if she joined this adventure there would be the oppurtunity to kill some more gods and complete her task 

Yog has never trusted anyone since she learned the truth about the Ilmater clergy and may never trust anyone again, only time will tell 

### Rowan  

Rowan is a 27 year old Tiefling, born in the mountains and raised by their father. After their mother passed away giving birth, Rowan's father was very distant tough on them, not really allowing them to have the childhood that they should have had. At a young age, their father had taken them across the moutain, to the middle of a large forest. Leaving Rowan there with nothing to help them survuce, he told them that they had to find their own way home. It took Rowan a week to make their through the woods and back to their home. Rowan had to face many dark things in the forest that week, leaving them with a fear of being alone. After their father passed away, out of necessity to survive, they became a hunter and a thief. Needing a way to provide for themselves, this meant that they would always be able to provide for themselves. They made some very seedy friends along the way, becoming one of the best in their chosen path. 

Being an only child meant that Rowan only ever had to provide for themselves. At one point, Rowan had a companion that used to join them on missions. After a deal went south their companion had lost their life, Rowan has blamed themselves for the death. They always felt like they had been very careless at planning the misson. After their death Rowan, became very loud, rude and confrontational. They felt that they were less likely to get hurt if they built a shield around themselves,not letting anyone in. After their companion died, every little thing seemed to set them off, flying off of the handle at the slightest little thing. The smallest thing would cause Rowan to snap at them. 

Rowan's temperement had caused many fights and confrontation over the years, but it had never bothered them. They enjoyed the fact they where good at what they had trained for, and happy that they could stand up for themselves. They not take any rubbish from anyone, and had earned the respect of many of their fellow professionals. They often called on Rowan when they came across a difficult situation that would require a master thief; Usually they needed someone to cause a distraction for them. They were paid very highly for the set of skills that they had obtained over the years. Rowan had earned themselves many contacts over their career, and could go to anyone of them to find the answers that were needed at the time. 

After many years of pratice and training Rowan, became very skilled at the art of misdrection, often having a plan set which would make whoever their target was to look at something else completly, whilst Rowan took what they wanted from them. Although Rowan seemed to have a hard shell that nobody could break through, and that they were as tough as nails, deep down inside they were like most people; they had a sensitive soul and a heart of gold, but didn't want anyone to see that side of them. To them, emotions were a weakness that nobody needed to see, one which had gotten their companion killed. Rowan is not a person that likes to stay still. As such they are always on the move, and likef to keep their hands occupied. Rowan is very skilled at circus acrobatics and can juggle very well, able to do most things that involve fine motor skills. Rowan always talks with their hands, no matter the words or context, and are unable to sit down and chat.

Rowan often wonders what it would be like to have grown up differently, what it would have been like to grow up with both of her parents instead of just their asshole father. Rowan wondered what it would have been like to grow up with a mother, maybe some siblings. At the end of the day, Rowan always knew that there was no point in dwelling on what had been; her past was behind her, and there was nothing that could be done about it. They had to live in hope that one day they would no longer be alone, living in the now and avoiding the difficult past

In all their travels Rowan, had heard many stories of a young she-elf who was on a mission to find the person that stole something from her. Rowan has heard that she is very skilled in fighting with most weapons and had been on missions with many of the sketchy people that Rowan has worked with over the years. Word was that the young she elf could even match their own skills as a thief. Rowan had heard of a man hiring people to go on a quest that will pay very highly and headed towards the village in question: Saltmarsh  